Update zkapp-cli and o1js versions required for 03-deploying-to-a-network.mdx (#725)
o1-labs/docs2: docs/zkapps/tutorials/03-deploying-to-a-network.mdx

## Prerequisites

> This tutorial has been tested with [Mina zkApp CLI](https://github.com/o1-labs/zkapp-cli) version `0.15.0`, [O1js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/o1js) version `0.14.1` and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npm) version 0.20.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial has been tested with [zkApp CLI](https://github.com/o1-labs/zkapp-cli) version `0.15.0`, [o1js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/o1js) version `0.14.1`, and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npm) version 0.20.9.
```

Ensure your environment meets the [Prerequisites](/zkapps/tutorials#prerequisites) for zkApp Developer Tutorials.

> > *⚠️ Warning: If you have previously installed the [Prerequisites](/zkapps/tutorials#prerequisites): reinstall to make sure you are using the correct version of the zkapp-cli and o1js.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have earlier versions of the zkApp CLI and o1js installed, be sure to [Update the zkApp CLI](/zkapps/install-zkapp-cli#update-the-zkapp-cli) to the latest versions.
```

## Prerequisites

> This tutorial has been tested with [zkApp CLI](https://github.com/o1-labs/zkapp-cli) version `0.15.0`, [o1js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/o1js) version `0.14.1`, and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npm) version 0.20.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial has been tested with [zkApp CLI](https://github.com/o1-labs/zkapp-cli) version `0.15.0` and [o1js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/o1js) version `0.14.1`.
```
